# MEDP 331 Project 1 - Witch
## Project Overview
The purpose of this project is to create an interactive webpage that tells a story through images, text, sound, and animations. The story that I'm telling is about a girl that goes through a ritual to become powerful, but at a cost. The main interactive element is clicking, especially at the climax of the story, where you have to click for the final part of the ritual.
## Figma Design
Link: https://www.figma.com/design/ckeIGb118UJHn0GAHDhLH7/Project-1-Design?node-id=0-1&t=b75UMXcaNE3r9QO9-1
<br>For the design process, I first thought about how I wanted the main layout of the main story to be. And then I figured out how I could potentially add animations to that. After that, I thought about how the climax of the story should be interactive.
## Features
### Animations
A lot of the animations featured are from GSAP. There is a text animation on the title page, the slideshow for the story, and little text animations within the slideshow that are also GSAP animations.
### Sound Effects
There is background music featured within the story that add to the atmosphere of the story, and there is a page turning sound every time you press on a button to control the story.
### User-Triggered Event
The way users interact with the page is through clicking. You click to go through the story. HTML image maps are used to make the images for the story intractable, and you click on certain parts of the image to go to the next web page.
### Responsive Design
When the screen size is small, the HTML image maps are removed and replaced with buttons because of the limitations of how the HTML image maps work.
## Live Demo
Link: rochellew23.github.io/rw-project-1/
## Credits
Images: All drawn by me<br>
Sound Effects: Pixabay<br>
Background Music: Slay the Princess OST<br>
Fonts: Google Fonts<br>
The code used to make the slideshow is based from W3Schools. I used the GSAP documents and many GSAP forum posts for the animations. The image maps were generated by https://www.fla-shop.com/image-map/
